Implement saving projects (#156)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/user/src/usage/projects.md

A new file dialog window will come up.
Choose the folder containing the project file you want to open, and open it.

![Opening a project in Hexatomic](open-salt-project.png)

> After opening a Salt project, you can select *Save Salt Project*, which will write out the Salt XML files into the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After opening a Salt project, you can select *Save Salt Project*, which will save the project as Salt XML files in the structure explained at the beginning of this section into the same
```

Tie up the introduction of Salt XML with the structure mentioned at the very beginning of this section.

> folder as they have been loaded from or *Save Salt Project As...*  to select a different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
folder that they have been loaded from. Alternatively, you can select *Save Salt Project As...*  to select a different location to save the files to.
```

Fix grammar and split sentences for readability.

You can see the currently loaded Salt project path in the Window title.
If there are unsaved changes in any document or in the corpus structure, a *\** will be appended to the title.

![Project location and * to indicate unsaved changes](project-window-title.png)

Saving the project will always save all documents, not only the openend ones.
If you close an editor, the changes are not lost as long as you save the project afterwards.

To start a new and empty project in the same application window, choose *Start New Salt Project*.

> If an action would discard unsaved changes, you can cancel it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If an action would discard unsaved changes, you are always given the choice to cancel it.
```

Separate from the sentence before as it deals with a different subject matter, and adapt wording a bit.
